



Privacy Policy | Canada Computers & Electronics


Canada Computers Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries ( we ,  us ,  our ) welcome

            all visitors to

            and users of ( you ), our website located at www.canadacomputers.com (the  Site ). We are

            committed to

            ensuring the privacy and protection of all our customers. This policy was developed with this goal in mind

            and outlines the guidelines according to which we collect, maintain and protect personal information, and

            the use and disclosure of such personal information. Privacy laws in Canada generally define "personal

            information" as any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that can be

            used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person. 

            We will only use your personal information in accordance with this policy unless otherwise required by

            applicable law. We take steps to ensure that the personal information that we collect about you is adequate,

            relevant, not excessive, and used for limited purposes.

            This policy applies to information we collect, use, or disclose about you on this Site, and in email, text

            and other electronic messages between you and us. This policy describes the various types of information we

            may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site, or via such other email, texts and

            electronic messages. The Site may include links to third party websites, plug-ins, services, social

            networks, or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party

            to collect or share data about you. If you follow a link to a third party website or engage a third party

            plugin, please note that these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any

            responsibility or liability for these policies. We do not control these third party websites, and we

            encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.

            Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices for collecting, processing, and

            storing your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our

            Site. By accessing or using this Site, you indicate that you understand, accept, and consent to the

            practices described in this policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this

            Site after we make changes indicates that you accept and consent to those changes, so please check the

            policy periodically for updates.

        


INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
 We collect and use several types of information from and about you, including:

Personal information, that we can reasonably use to directly or indirectly identify you, such as

                your

                name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, Internet protocol (IP) address used

                to connect your computer to the Internet, user name or other similar identifier, billing and account

                information, and any other identifier we may use to contact you ("personal

                    information").Please note

                    that we provide an opportunity for any user to unsubscribe from our electronic messages or opt-out

                    of

                    contact for marketing or purposes on an ongoing basis by accessing our Site, using the unsubscribe

                    mechanism at the bottom of our e-mails, or e-mailing to  privacy@canadacomputers.com.

Non-personal information, that does not

directly or indirectly reveal your identity or directly relate to an

identifiable individual, such as demographic information, or statistical or

aggregated information. Statistical or aggregated data does not directly

identify a specific person, but we may derive non-personal statistical or

aggregated data from personal information. For example, we may aggregate

personal information to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific

Site feature.
Technical information, including information about your device,

browser and internet connection and usage.
Non-personal details about your Site interactions, including clickstream to, through and from our Site, or your time zone.

            



HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU
 We use different methods to collect your information, including through: 

Direct interactions with you when you provide it to us, for example, by filling in forms or

                corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.

            
User contributions, You may also provide information for us to publish or display on public Site

                areas or transmit to other Site users or third parties. 
Automated technologies or interactions, as you navigate through our Site. Information collected

                automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web

                beacons and/or other tracking technologies.

            

  A:
 Information you provide to us, The information we collect directly from you on or through our

            Site may include:

        

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site (including at the time of creating an account to use our Site, purchasing products and tracking orders, and posting material). We may also ask you for information when you participate in our CC Rewards program, and when you report a problem with our Site.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.

            
Details of transactions you carry out through our Site and of the fulfillment of your orders.

            



            You may also provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter,  posted ) on public

            areas of the Site or transmitted to other users of the Site or third parties (collectively, "User

                Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own

            risk.

            Although we may limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect.

            Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share

            your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that unauthorized persons will not

            view your User Contributions.

        
  B:
Information we collect through cookies and other automatic data collection technologies. , As you

            navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use cookies or other automatic data collection

            technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns,

            including:

        

Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication

                data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.

            
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system,

                and browser type.

            



            We generally use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit the Site, make your

            interactions with the Site faster and more secure, enable certain functionality of our Site and customize

            your experience.

        


            We may also use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across

            third party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). To learn more or to opt-out of

                tailored advertising please consult the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Tool, located at

                https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools, for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on our

                Site. You can also access this website to learn more about online behavioural advertising and how to

            stop third party servers/networks or websites from placing cookies on your devices. Opting out of a network

            does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the network from which you

            opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns

        


            The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, and we

            may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third

            parties. It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by

            enabling us to:

        

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns. 
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual

                interests. 
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Site.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: 

Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer.

                You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However,

                if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have

                adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you

                direct your browser to our Site. You can set your browser to refuse all or some cookies, or to alert you

                when cookies are being sent.

            
Flash cookies.Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to

                collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Site. Flash

                cookies are not managed by the same browser settings that are used for browser cookies. To learn how you

                can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe s website

                [http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html]

            
Web beacons. Pages of our Site or our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web

                beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit

            


                us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related

                website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying

                system and server integrity).

            


                If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Site may not be accessible or may

                not function properly. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please visit

                http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

            

  C:
Third party use of cookies and other tracking technologies, Some content or applications on the Site,

            including advertisements, are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers,

            content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction

            with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The

            information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information,

            including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and

            other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural)

            advertising or other targeted content. 

            We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they are used. If you have any questions

            about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

            
If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver

                advertisements according to our advertisers  target audience preferences, you can opt out by accessing

                our Site, using the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of our e-mails, or e-mailing

                to  privacy@canadacomputers.com.



HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
TWe use information (including personal information) that we collect about you:

To present our Site and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us (including, without

                limitation, to coordinate direct shipping from one of our manufacturers or suppliers to you).
To fulfill the purposes for which you provided the information or that were described when it was

                collected, or any other purpose for which you provide it (for example, to administer our CC Rewards

                program).
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts with you, including for

                billing and collection or to comply with legal requirements.
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To improve our Site, products or services, marketing, or customer relationships and experiences.
To allow you to participate in interactive features, social media, or similar features on our Site.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver

                relevant advertising to you.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.



            We will not use any information our customers provide for any other commercial purposes, and such

            information will not be sold, rented, leased or forwarded to any third party other than as described in this

            policy.

        
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you, as

            permitted by law. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant

                box located on the form on which we collect your data, adjust your user preferences in your account

                profile, use the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of our e-mails and/or e-mail us at

                 privacy@canadacomputers.com.


DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
In accordance with applicable law, to a buyer or other successor in the event of a transaction, whether

                as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal

                information held by us about our customers and users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures.

            
To contractors/consultants, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business

                (including without limitation analytics and search engine providers that assist us with Site improvement

                and optimization, suppliers, customer service providers, financial institutions, product service depots,

                warranty providers and delivery service providers) and who are contractually obligated to use personal

                information only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to process the personal

                information with the same standards set out in this policy.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.



            We may also disclose your personal information:

        

To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or

                regulatory request, in accordance with applicable law. For example, we may be required to disclose

                    personal information we receive from you (in any form) in connection with any investigation,

                    prevention or the taking of any action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities. 
To enforce or apply our  terms and conditions, returns & exchanges policy, product warranty, accessible

                    customer service (AODA) policy, other online policies and other agreements, including for

                billing and

                collection purposes (e.g. our Tech Care Terms and Conditions).
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the

                rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others.



            We may disclose aggregated information about our users to advertisers to help them target specific

            audiences, however we do not disclose data about identifiable individuals.

        


TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:
We may transfer personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this policy to

            contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business (such as analytics

            and search engine providers that assist us with Site improvement and optimization) and who are contractually

            obligated to use the personal information only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to

            process the personal information with the same standards set out in this policy.
We may also transfer your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or other

            sale of all or a portion of our assets (which may include the information).

        
We may process, store, and transfer your personal information in and to a foreign country, with different

            privacy laws that may or may not be as comprehensive as Canadian law. In these circumstances, the

            governments, courts, law enforcement, or regulatory agencies of that country may be able to obtain access to

            your personal information through the laws of the foreign country. Whenever we engage a service provider, we

            require that its privacy and security standards adhere to this policy and applicable Canadian privacy

            legislation.


            By submitting your personal information or engaging with the Site, you consent to this transfer, storage, or

            processing.

        


DATA SECURITY
The security of your personal information is very important to us. We use reasonable physical, electronic,

            and administrative measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from

            unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure, taking into account the risks involved in the

            processing and the nature of the personal information. 


            We store all information you provide to us behind firewalls on our secure servers. Any payment transactions

            will be encrypted using SSL technology.

        


            The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have

            chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password

            confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.

        


            Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our

            best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information

            transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not

            responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.

        


DATA RETENTION
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your personal

            information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes

            of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Under some circumstances we may anonymize

            your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you. We reserve the right to use such

            anonymous and de-identified data for any legitimate business purpose without further notice to you or your

            consent. 


CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information

            to the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13,

            do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, make any purchases

            through the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Site, or provide any

            information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or any

            screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a

            child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we

            might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at  privacy@canadacomputers.com.

        


 ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us

            informed if your personal information changes. By law you have the right to request access to and to correct

            the personal information that we hold about you.
 You can review and change your personal information by visiting the Site and logging into your account.
If you want to review, verify, correct, or withdraw consent to the use of your personal information you may

            also send us an e-mail at  privacy@canadacomputers.com to

            request access to, correct, or delete any personal

            information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we

            believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. We

            may charge you a fee to access your personal information, however, we will notify you of any fee in advance.

        


            We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and

            to provide you with the personal information that we hold about you or make your requested changes.

            Applicable law may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of the personal

            information that we hold about you, or we may have destroyed, erased, or made your personal information

            anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. If we cannot provide you with

            access to your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or

            regulatory restrictions.

        
We will provide access to your personal information, subject to exceptions set out in applicable privacy

            legislation.
 If you are concerned about our response or would like to correct the information provided, you may contact

            our Privacy Officer at  privacy@canadacomputers.com.
 If you delete your User Contributions from the Site, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable

            in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other Site users. 


WITHDRAWING YOUR CONSENT
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, use, and transfer of your personal information, you

            may have the legal right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances. To withdraw your consent, if

            applicable, contact us at  privacy@canadacomputers.com.

            Please note that if you withdraw your consent we may

            not be able to provide you with a particular product or service. We will explain the impact to you at the

            time to help you with your decision.

        


CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes

            to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address

            specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Site home page.

            We include the date the privacy policy was last revised at the top of the page. You are responsible for

            ensuring we have an up-to-date, active, and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting

            our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.



        




