Privacy Policy

Last updated: April 5, 2023

Welcome to TikTok. This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Pte. Ltd., with its registered address at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10, South Tower, Singapore 048583 (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”).

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users, and other individuals in connection with our Platform. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use the Platform.

What information we collect

We may collect the following information about you:
Information You Provide

    Your profile information. You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username, password, date of birth (where applicable), email address and/or telephone number, information you disclose in your user profile, and your photograph or profile video.
    User content. We process the content you generate on the Platform, including photographs, audios and videos you upload or create, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and livestreams you make, and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created (“User Content”). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content, in order to recommend audio options and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
    Messages. We collect information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
    We may access content, including text, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate content sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
    Purchase information. When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased.
    Your phone and social network contacts. If you choose to sync your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to share your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
    Proof of your identity or age. We sometimes ask you to provide proof of identity or age in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Pro Account, ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform, or in other instances where verification may be required.
    Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support or feedback.
    Information through surveys, research, promotion, contests, marketing campaigns, challenges, competitions or events conducted or sponsored by us, in which you participate.

Automatically Collected Information

    Usage Information. We collect information regarding your use of the Platform, e.g., how you engage with the Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, the advertisements you view, videos you watch and problems encountered, browsing and search history, the content you like, the content you save to ‘My Favourites’, the users you follow and how you engage with mutual followers.
    Inferred Information. We also infer your attributes, including your interests, gender and age range for the purpose of personalising content.
    Technical Information we collect about you. We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
    Location Information. We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect precise location data (such as GPS). In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add location information to your User Content.
    Image and Audio Information. We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations.
    Cookies. We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “Your rights and choices” section below.

Information From Other Sources

We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:

    If you choose to register or use the Platform using a third-party social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google) or login service, you will provide us or allow to provide us with your username, public profile, and other possible information related to such account. We will likewise share certain information with your social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you link your TikTok account to another service, we may receive information about your use of that service.
    Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our TikTok Advertiser Tools (such as TikTok Pixel).
    We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platforms.
    We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
    We may receive information from merchants and payment and transaction fulfillment providers about you, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.

How we use your information

As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, personalise content you see on the Platform, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience. We generally use the information we collect in the following ways:

    To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
    To provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
    To personalise the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
    To send promotional materials, including by instant messaging or email, from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
    To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
    To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements and other content we serve to you and others, and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
    To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function) and to share whether you are active on the Platform (and other information which you choose to share) with your friends, to provide our messaging service if you choose to use this function, to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
    To enable you to participate in the virtual items program.
    To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos.
    To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, to invite you to participate in an event, and to promote popular topics, hashtags and campaigns on the Platform.
    To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
    To infer additional information about you, such as your age range, gender, and interests.
    To help us detect and combat abuse, harmful activity, fraud, spam, and illegal activity on the Platform.
    To ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device.
    To promote the safety, security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
    To facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
    To verify your identity or age.
    To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
    To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
    To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
    Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
    To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
    To facilitate and fulfill sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.

How we share your information

We share your information with the following parties:
Business Partners

If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number, email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.

Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared.
Service Providers

We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the Platform.

    Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers: If you choose to buy Coins or conduct other payment related transactions, we will share data with the relevant payment provider to facilitate this transaction. For Coin transactions, we share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your account with the correct value in coins once you have made the payment.
    Analytics providers: We use analytics providers to help us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform. Our third-party analytics providers also help us serve targeted advertisements.

Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Measurement Partners

We share information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement.

If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, we share information with advertising networks to display personalised advertisements to you on the TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Independent Researchers

We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria.
Our Corporate Group

We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide the Platform, to improve and optimise the Platform, to prevent illegal use and to support users.
For Legal Reasons

We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:

    comply with legal obligation, process or request;
    enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
    detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
    protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).

Public Profiles

Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the Platform and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings.
Sale, Merger or Other Business Transactions

We may also disclose your information to third parties:

    in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets (whether a result of liquidation, bankruptcy or otherwise), in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
    if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.

Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers, and Other Service Providers

When you make a purchase through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfillment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Where we store your information

Your information may be stored on servers located outside the country where you live, such as in Singapore, Malaysia or the United States. We maintain major servers around the world to bring you our services globally and continuously.
Your rights and choices

You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. You may be afforded certain rights under applicable laws, which may include the right to access, delete, update, or rectify your data, to be informed of the processing of your data, to file complaints with authorities, and potentially other rights. You may submit a request to exercise your rights under applicable laws at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. Please also see the Supplemental Terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.

You can access and edit most of your profile information by signing into TikTok. You can delete the User Content you uploaded. We also provide a number of tools in Settings that allow you to control, among others, who can view your videos, send you messages, or post comments to your videos. Should you choose to do so, you may delete your entire account in Settings.

You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your device browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
The security of your information

We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will use reasonable measures to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.

We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.

We will, from time to time, include links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
How long we keep your information

We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.

The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile and User Content from public view immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
Information relating to children and teens

TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 13. In certain cases this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local supplemental terms for more information. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.

If you are a parent or guardian, our Guardian's Guide contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use.
Privacy Policy update

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.
Contact

If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy

Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country.

We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data protection authority, where applicable.